Nonpareil - a calculator simulator
Copyright 1995, 2003-2006 Eric L. Smith <eric@brouhaha.com>
$Id$

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING - PORTIONS OF NONPAREIL ARE COVERED BY DIFFERENT LICENSES

Portions of the Nonpareil package as distributed by the author are
covered by two different licenses.  The full package may only be
redistributed in compliance with the terms of BOTH licenses.  If you
want to redistribute only the components that use a particular
license, under the terms of that license, you are responsible for
compiling the appropriate distribution and omitting the components
that are not covered by the license you use.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

LICENSES COVERING BASE NONPAREIL PACKAGE

Most of the Nonpareil package is distributed under the terms of the
the Free Software Foundation's General Public License, version 2, as
detailed in the accompanying file LICENSES/GPL-2.txt.  This includes
all of the source code to the simulator proper.

The remaining portions of the package, most notably the contents of
the ncd directory tree, and the .ncd files and other files derived
from the files in the ncd directory tree, are distributed under the
terms of the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 2.5 license, as
detailed in the accompanying file LICENSES/CC-BY-SA-2.5.html.

Each file in the source tree bears a copyright notice and license
information, the latter stating which license is applicable to that
particular file.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

NON-FREE FILES IN SOURCE CODE REPOSITORY

The Nonpareil source code repository (Subversion) contains additional
files that are covered by other licenses not described here, but these
files are not part of the base Nonpareil package.  For example, some
of these files are used to build the Nonpareil-Voyager package, which
is covered by the Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial
ShareAlike 2.5 license.  This license does not meet the Free Software
Definition nor the Open Source Definition, so the covered files are
not included in the base Nonpareil distribution.

	http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html
	http://www.opensource.org/docs/definition.php	

